# Fitbit-measures-and-Suicide-rates
Comparing Fitbit measures and Suicide rates in the U.S between 2015 and 2016

Wearable technology has been used to track daily activities, sports practices, and health conditions. Fitbit is one of the leading companies in wearable technologies. The data produced by these electronic dispositive is exceptionally sensible and personal, and it is rarely delivered to public access; thus, it is restricted. Although, Fitbit posted on its web page interactive graphs with anonymous data collected. We focused on a post from 2017, that presented Fitbit measures tracked between 2015 and 2016 in the U.S. Fitbit measures included the number of steps, active minutes, sleep hours, body mass index, and resting heart rate.

Suicide is a preventable death. This premise has full acceptance, and we think that wearable technologies can help to improve the prevention of suicide. Physical and habits data help to trace patterns of mood behavior that eventually can evolve to suicide. Early symptoms can be associated with not getting enough physical activity and sleep or eating disorders: too little or too much. These symptoms can be tracked with wearable technologies, such as the number of steps, active minutes, sleep hours, body mass index, and resting heart rate. Despite the raw data access is limited, we collected data from the Fitbit post, above mentioned.

In this essay, we compared the Fitbit measures with the official Suicide records at the same time. We reviewed the possible relationship between mood disorders’ warning symptoms (Fitbit measures) with mood disorders records (Suicide and Depression.)
